established in 1980 the Sean Tuohy
construction machinery company's name is
synonymous with the word bulldozer in
China indeed
Sean Tuohy bulldozers have provided much
of the construction muscle that fueled
China's spectacular economic boom over
the past 30 years as China's largest
exporter of bulldozers Sean Tuohy
commands nearly 70% of the domestic
market in China and is among the top to
bulldozer companies in the world due to
its international sales Sean Tuohy is
won top honors as a top China brand and
is also one of China's finest blue-chip
exporters today Sean tway is a multi
billion-dollar multinational company
sean Tway success over the years is
evident the companies anytime anywhere
service promise now reaches more than 60
countries and territories and its growth
has just begun located in genie in
Shandong Province Sean - a strong
business ethics traced back to the
influence of the region's favorite son
none other than the ancient sage
Confucius with its high standards of
customer satisfaction jean Tway has not
only created a loyal client base but it
is also consistently rated as one of the
best places to work in China
Sean tway is committed to learning and
practicing the newest forms of
management and technology one of Sean
Toit's hallmarks is its own research and
development center here Sean Tuohy
engineers tackle complex design and
performance problems with exceptional
vision and meticulous effort in addition
to its flagship line of bulldozers today
Sean Tway is turning out such
diversified lines of products as cement
handling equipment truck cranes wheel
loaders graders road rollers and
excavators chante way is also China's
leader in parts and components
production for the industry making such
items as tracks transmissions cabs arms
buckets under carriages and many other
parts for itself and competitors alike
the company's internationalization
efforts are led by a performance driven
group of us educated MBA top managers
formerly estate owned business chante
wait today is a very vibrant and
forward-looking publicly owned company
as chante way grows it will never lose
the title of China's value leader shant
ways attractive balance of high
performance and competitive pricing is
unmatched this is just the result of
good people creating great products
shaunt way value that works for you